Add guidelines about early merge (#99576)
JuliaRegistries/General: CONTRIBUTING.md

* [triage] You can close PRs if the package author requests it or the registration is superseded by another registration request.
* [write] You can merge PRs that have the _needs to be manually merged in 3 days_ label once the requisite waiting period has passed, assuming there are no outstanding objections in the PR comments.
* [write] You can choose to facilitate expedited merge requests, after manually reviewing the package.

> You generally should not merge your own registrations (though you can make requests to another maintainer) as mentioned in the [README](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/#who-can-approve-an-early-merge)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You generally should not merge your own registrations or those you are involved with (though you can make requests to another maintainer). See also [this FAQ entry](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/#who-can-approve-an-early-merge).
```
